Add operators of the form `Prop -> Prop` (#1008)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/foundation/large-locale-of-propositions.lagda.md

## Idea

> the types of [propositions](foundation-core.propositions.md) `Prop l` combined
> form a [large locale](order-theory.large-locales.md) since we do not assume
> [propositional resizing](foundation.propositional-resizing.md).

Reviewer: It looks like this sentence is at the start of the `## Idea` section, so it should be capitalized. It also could be improved in many other ways. How about something along the following lines:

```suggestion
The [large locale](order-theory.large-locales.md) of [propositions](foundation-core.propositions.md) consists of all the propositions of any [universe level](foundation.universe-levels.md) and is ordered by the [implications](foundation.implication.md) between them. [Conjunction](foundation.conjunction.md) gives this [large poset](order-theory.large-posets.md) the structure of a large meet-semilattice, and [existential quantification](foundation.existential-quantification.md) gives it the structure of a large suplattice. Note that the collection of all propositions is large because we do not assume [propositional resizing](foundation.propositional-resizing.md).
```
